More natural phrasing in README.rst (#396)
braindecode/braindecode: README.rst

Braindecode
===========

> `Braindecode`_ is an open-source Python toolbox for decoding raw EEG data with

Reviewer: I would keep ECoG as we have two examples analyzing ECoG data, for example this one: [plot_bcic_iv_4_ecog_cropped.py](https://github.com/braindecode/braindecode/blob/master/examples/plot_bcic_iv_4_ecog_cropped.py)

Author: Sure! Didn't know about those 😅  Cool stuff!

Braindecode
===========

> Braindecode is an open-source Python toolbox for decoding raw neurophysiological
> data with deep learning models. It includes dataset fetchers, data preprocessing and
> visualization tools, as well as implementations of several deep learning
> architecture and data augmentations for EEG, ECoG, MEG and others analysis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Braindecode is an open-source Python toolbox for decoding raw electrophysiological brain
data with deep learning models. It includes dataset fetchers, data preprocessing and
visualization tools, as well as implementations of several deep learning
architectures and data augmentations for analysis of EEG, ECoG and MEG.
```

> For brain signal researchers who want to work with deep learning and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For neuroscientists who want to work with deep learning and
```
